So here within this module,
we're going to be talking about how you implement a highly
available machine learning solution.
And so to get to that point, we're going to be going through several topics.
First of all,
we'll be reviewing the concepts of fault tolerance and high availability.
We'll be looking at how we implement auto‑scaling for a SageMaker endpoint.
We'll be looking at how we utilize CloudWatch and
CloudTrail for monitoring SageMaker.
And we'll be examining a fault‑tolerant approach for leveraging Amazon
SageMaker. And then finally, we'll be reviewing deep learning
containers as a part of your SageMaker solutions.
But before we get too deep, let's talk about the concept of reliability on AWS.
And there's two concepts that we need to review,
and the first is fault tolerance.
And if we're talking about fault tolerance,
what we mean is that we are able to support the failure of
a component within your overall architecture and yet still
have a functioning system.
And then on the other side, we have high availability. And what this
means is that you're keeping your entire solution up and running in the
expected manner despite issues that may occur,
including things like excessive user demand that you didn't expect.
And so over the course of this module,
we're going to be looking to see how we build machine
learning solutions on AWS that are able to achieve both fault tolerance and high availability.